Individual Wiki

@author: Keval Shah

*Core Value: Courage

What actually this value means?

It's about telling the truth about progress and estimates. Not documenting excuses for failure because the ultimate goal is to succeed. Not to fear for anything because no one ever works alone. Adapting to changes when ever they happen.

Weekly meetings : Every Saturday

Summary (09/23/2017) Week #1
Work is being done as per the project plan for the first week.
Team has shown courage by exploring different types of Game Engines available and tried to implement the sample code.
Additionally the team is ready for adapting to any change in requirement as their ultimate goal is to succeed.

Summary (09/30/2017) Week #2
Work is being done as per the project plan for the second week with few tasks pending in the backlog.
Team has shown courage by deep-diving into Greenfoot game engine and studying about the common classes, methods and functionalities that can be done via Greenfoot.
Also the team is gearing up for the challenges which are yet to come by getting familiar and used to with the Greenfoot game engine. Motto of the team is to succeed!

Summary (10/7/2017) Week #3
Work is being done as per the project plan for the third week along with the completion of backlog of second week.
Team has shown courage by exploring various functionalities which can be implemented in the actual game.
Also the team is gearing up for the challenges which are yet to come by getting familiar and used to with the Greenfoot game engine. Motto of the team is to succeed!

Summary (10/20/2017) Week #4
Work is being done as per the project plan for the fourth week along with the completion of backlog of third week.
Team has shown courage by finalizing the game definition and analyzing the design patterns to be used for the game.
Also the team is gearing up for the challenges like implementing the design patterns in the game and also exploring the UML diagrams. Motto of the team is to succeed!

Summary (10/28/2017) Week #5
Work is being done as per the project plan for the fifth week along with the completion of backlog of fourth week.
After finalizing the game definition, the team has shown the courage to make UI Wireframes, User Stories and UML diagrams.
Also the team has divided the project coding tasks among themselves and started to think the methods and classes required for the game.
Moreover the team is gearing up for the challenges like integrating the code deleveloped by each individual and to make a working game. Motto of the team is to succeed!

Summary (11/3/2017) Week #6
Work is being done as per the project plan for the sixth week along with the completion of backlog of fifth week.
The team has started coding for the game and has reached at an intermediate level. Coding is done by each individual and then the whole code is integrated.
Moreover the team is gearing up for the challenges like completeing the coding phase and start implementing design patterns in the game. Motto of the team is to succeed!

Summary (11/9/2017) Week #7
Work is being done as per the project plan for the seventh week along with the completion of backlog of sixth week.
The team has reached the last stage of coding along with the design patterns. Coding is done by each individual and then the whole code is integrated and tested.
Moreover the team is gearing up for the challenges like completing the coding phase along with design patterns and starting with first round of unit testing of the game. Motto of the team is to succeed!
