XP core value to be monitored : Communication

Why is communication important in XP ?

It is very common that absence of communication or less communication can cause many problems and software cannot be delivered 
as expected. But if the communication system is well organized, it becomes easier for project partners to understand and act 
on the project.

Summary for week 1:

The team maintains ‘communication’ value by following practices:

Weekly meeting was conducted at the start of the week and everyone being an equal part of the team communicated their ideas 
enthusiastically. We created tasks and divided these tasks among team members.
Also, the team conducted daily face-to-face meetings for 15-20 minutes and communicated completed work and problems if 
any so that others can help.
I feel that these meetings played an active part in the better understanding of the project.

Summary of week 2:

Communication being an important XP value, our team strongly believes in maintaining communication and in 2nd week also,  
team was very enthusiastic in terms of communication.
We had weekly meeting on 23rd September, 2017 and decided tasks for 2nd week. Team members had decided to learn about various 
classes of greenfoot and implement some functionalities which might be useful in game development. So team members met daily and 
communicated daily progress. By these means, team members come to know challenges other team members are facing in learning 
greenfoot and help each other. Also, team stays updated about project progress and workflow was very smooth.

Summary of Week 3:

In weeky meeting on 30th september, all members were present and discussed about tasks to be performed in week 3. Every member was actively 
communicating their ideas for the game. So the team narrowed down 1-2 games and decided to finalize the game. Team menmbers also 
suggested to start studying design patterns for the game to be implemented. So the team members actively participated in weekly meeting
and core value 'communication' was maintained. Also, daily communication was done to solve any problems any tram member facing to 
complete their task.

Summary of week 4:
The team had weekly meeting and communicated about the tasks to be worked upon. Two main tasks were decided to be completed in this week. 
First task is to decide final game. All the members of the team gave their inputs in the meetings and communicated their ideas about 
feasibility of each game that was shortlisted and decided one final game ‘crazy snake’. Second task was to study design patterns to be
implemented in the game. All the members started studying various design patterns and communicated their ideas. The team believes in 
communicating with each other so that project work goes on smoothly.

Summary of week 5:
The team is following communication value in the project implementation. The team had a weekly meeting and daily stand up meetings.
In weekly meeting, team communicated about UML diagrams to be implemented and divided each diagram amongst team.
Also, after completion of UML diagrams, the team had a meeting about implementation of the code. The team divided basic 
functionalities to be implemented and communicated their idea about the code in daily meetings.

Summary of week 6:
The team is communicating about the code implementation and integration of different modules. Team is going to integrate codes after every 2 days.
Also team communicate about the design patterns which can be implemented in the code. Team is going to implement one desigpattern per team member.

Summary of Week 7:
As development of the game is about to complete, the team is commuicating about integration of all the modules. 
All the team members discuss any difficulties faced during logic development in individual modules or in integration and try to resolve the issue in daily standup meetings.


